README.md, before:

- [Docker Worker](#docker-worker)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
  - [Environment](#environment)
    - [Loopback Devices](#loopback-devices)
  - [Running tests](#running-tests)
    - [Common problems](#common-problems)
  - [Updating Documentation](#updating-documentation)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
    - [Requirements](#requirements-1)
    - [Building AMI's](#building-amis)
    - [Block-Device Mapping](#block-device-mapping)
    - [Updating Schema](#updating-schema)
    - [Post-Deployment Verification](#post-deployment-verification)


# Docker Worker

Docker task host for linux.

Each task is evaluated in an restricted docker container.
Docker has a bunch of awesome utilities for making this work well...
Since the images are COW running any number of task hosts is plausible
and we can manage their overall usage.

We manipulate the docker hosts through the use of the [docker remote
api](https://docs.docker.com/engine/api/v1.24/)

See the [doc site](/docs/workers/docker-worker/index.html)
for how to use the worker from an existing `worker-type` the docs here
are for hacking on the worker itself.

## Requirements

  - Node >= 8.5.0
  - Docker
  - Packer (to build AMI)
    - Note that cracklib also hsa a utility named `packer` - run `packer version` to check!

## Usage

```
# from the root of this repo) also see --help
node bin/worker.js <config>
```

### Configuration

The [defaults](config.yml) contains all configuration options
for the docker worker in particular these are important:

  - `rootUrl` the rootUrl of the taskcluster instance to run against

  - `taskcluster` the credentials needed to authenticate all pull jobs
    from taskcluster.

### Directory Structure

  - [src/bin - primary entrypoint for worker](src/bin)
  - [/deploy - code related to pakcer and deployment](/deploy)
  - [src/lib - source of internal worker apis](src/lib)
  - [src/lib/task_listener.js - primary entrypoint of worker](src/lib/task_listener.js)
  - [src/lib/task.js - handler for individual tasks](src/lib/task_listener.js)
  - [src/lib/features/ - individual features for worker](src/lib/features/)

### Environment

docker-worker runs in an Ubuntu environment with various packages and kernel modules
installed.

Within the root of the repo is a Vagrantfile and vagrant.sh script that simplifies
creating a local environment that mimics the one uses in production.  This environment
allows one to not only run the worker tests but also to run images used in TaskCluster
in an environment similar to production without needing to configure special things
on the host.

#### Loopback Devices

The v4l2loopback and snd-aloop kernel modules are installed to allow loopback audio/video
devices to be available within tasks that require them.  For information on how to
configure these modules like production, consult the
[vagrant script](https://github.com/taskcluster/docker-worker/blob/master/vagrant.sh)
used for creating a local environment.

## Running tests

There are a few components that must be configured for the tests to work properly
(e.g. docker, kernel modules, and other packages). A Vagrant environment is
available to make this easy to use. Alternatively, it is possible to run tests
outside of Vagrant. But this requires a bit more effort.

### Setting up vagrant (recommended)

1. Install [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/)
2. Install [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)
3. Install vagrant-reload by running `vagrant plugin install vagrant-reload`
4. Within the root of the repo, run `vagrant up`
5. `vagrant ssh` to enter the virtual machine

### Setting up a standalone vm (non-Vagrant users)

If you can't use Vagrant (e.g. you are using Hyper-V and can't use Virtualbox),
it is possible to configure a bare virtual machine in a very similar manner to
what Vagrant would produce.

1. Create a new virtual machine.
2. Download and boot an Ubuntu 14.04 server ISO
3. Boot the VM
4. Click through the Ubuntu installer dialogs
5. For the primary username, use `vagrant`
6. All other settings can pretty much be the defaults. You'll just
   press ENTER a bunch of times during the install wizard. Although
   you'll probably want to install `OpenSSH server` on the
   `Software selection` screen so you can SSH into your VM.
7. On first boot, run `sudo visudo` and modify the end of the `%sudo` line
   so it contains `NOPASSWD:ALL` instead of just `ALL`. This allows you
   to `sudo` without typing a password.
8. `apt-get install git`
9. `git clone https://github.com/taskcluster/docker-worker ~/docker-worker`
10. `sudo ln -s /home/vagrant/docker-worker /vagrant`
11. `sudo ln -s /home/vagrant/docker-worker /worker`
12. `cd docker-worker`
13. `./vagrant.sh` -- this will provision the VM by installing a bunch of
    packages and dependencies.
14. `sudo reboot` -- this is necessary to activate the updated kernel.
15. `sudo depmod`

#### Logging into virtual machine and configuring environment

Many tests require the `TASKCLUSTER_ROOT_URL`, `TASKCLUSTER_ACCESS_TOKEN`, and `TASKCLUSTER_CLIENT_ID`
environment variables. These variables
define credentials used to connect to external services.

To obtain Taskcluster client credentials, run
`eval $(cat scopes.txt | xargs taskcluster signin)`. This will open a web
browser and you'll be prompted to log into Taskcluster. This command requires
the `taskcluster-cli` Go application. Find one at
https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster-cli/releases.

If using Vagrant, setting these environment variables in the shell used
to run `vagrant ssh` will cause the variables to get inherited inside the
Vagrant VM. If not using Vagrant, you should add `export VAR=value` lines
to /home/vagrant/.bash_profile.

From the virtual machine, you'll need to install some application-level
dependencies:

1. `cd /vagrant`
2. `./build.sh` -- builds some Docker images
3. `yarn install --frozen-lockfile` -- installs Node modules

#### Running Tests

1. Either all the tests can be run, but running `yarn test` or `./test/test.sh`,
   however, under most circumstances one only wants to run a single test suite
2. For individual test files, run `./node_modules/mocha/bin/mocha --bail .test/<file>`
3. For running tests within a test file, add "--grep <phrase>" when running
   the above command to capture just the individual test name.

*** Note: Sometimes things don't go as planned and tests will hang until
they timeout. To get more insight into what went wrong, set "DEBUG=*" when
running the tests to get more detailed output. ***

### Common problems

  - Time synchronization : if you're running docker in a VM your VM may
    drift in time... This often results in stale warnings on the queue.
    
## Updating Documentation

Documentation for this project lives under docs/ . Upon merging, documentation
will be uploaded to s3 to display on docs.taskcluster.net automatically.

## Deployment

The below is a detailed guide to how deployment works if you know what
you're doing and just need a check list see: [deployment check
list](/deploy/checklist.md)

### Requirements

  - [packer](www.packer.io)
  - make
  - node >= 8.5.0
  - credentials for required services

### Amazon Credentials

docker-worker is currently deployed to AWS EC2.  Using packer to configure and
deploy an AMI requires Amazon credentials to be specified. Follow this
[document](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/amazon.html) to configure the
environment appropriately.

#### Deploying

You will need passwordstore set up, and the `aws` CLI tool configured.  Then run `./deploy.sh`.  It should do the rest!

### Building AMI's

The docker worker deploy script is essentially a wrapper around `packer`
with an interactive configuration script to ensure you're not missing
particular environment variables. There are two primary workflows that
are important.

  1. Building the [base](/deploy/packer/base.json) AMI. Do this when:
      - You need to add new apt packages.

      - You need to update docker (see above).

      - You need to run some expensive one-off installation.

      - You need to update ssl/gpg keys

      *Example*:

      ```sh
      ./deploy.sh base
      ```

      Once this is complete, edit `deploy/bin/base` to include the new AMI ID.
      Note the comments there: either build the base AMI for all AWS accounts, or remove the AMI for accounts where you did not build it.

  2. Building the [app](/deploy/packer/app.json) AMI. Do this when:
      - You want to test new code/features.

      - You need to update statsd/configs (not packages).

      Note: That just because you deploy an AMI does not mean anyone is
      using it.. Usually you need to also update a provisioner workerType with
      the new AMI id.

To do this, run `./deploy.sh <target>`, which gathers the necessary secrets and, on `https://taskcluster.net`, deploys to worker types.
The secrets come from files in passwordstore named after the deployment, which is determined from `TASKCLUSTER_ROOT_URL`.

*Example*:

```sh
./deploy.sh app
```

### Deployment Implementation

Everything related to the deployment of the worker is in the
[deploy](/deploy) folder which has a number of other important sub
folders.

  - [deploy/packer](/deploy/packer) : The packer folder contains a list
    (app/base) of ami(s) which need to be created... Typically you only
    need to build the "app" ami which is built on a pre-existing base
    ami (see `sourceAMI` in [app.json](/deploy/packer/app.json)).

  - [deploy/variables.js](/deploy/variables.js) : contains the list of
    variables for the deployment and possible defaults

  - [deploy/template](/deploy/template) : This folder is a mirror of what will
    be deployed on the server but with mustache like variables (see
    variables.js for the list of all possible variables) if you need to
    add a script/config/etc... Add it here in one of the sub folders.

  - deploy/deploy.json : A generated file (created by running
    [deploy/bin/build](/deploy/bin/build) ) or running `make -C deploy`
    this file contains all the variables needed to deploy the
    application. The script
    [deploy/bin/import-docker-worker-secrets](/deploy/bin/import-docker-worker-secrets)
    generates the file from [password store](https://passwordstore.org/).

  - deploy/target : Contains the final files to be uploaded when creating the
    AMI all template values have been subsituted... It is useful to
    check this by running `make -C deploy` prior to building the full ami.

  - [deploy/bin/build](/deploy/bin/build) : The script responsible for
    invoking packer with the correct arguments and creating the
    artifacts which need to be uploaded to the AMI)

  - [deploy/bin/update-worker-types.js](/deploy/bin/update-worker-types.js) :
    after running `deploy/bin/build app`, run this script to update
    [aws-provisioner](https://tools.taskcluster.net/aws-provisioner/) with
    the new AMIs. It creates a backup file with current worker-types configuration
    and kills the worker-types running instances. It requires node 8.5.0+.

  - [deploy/bin/rollback-worker-types.js](/deploy/bin/rollback-worker-types.js) :
    Given the backup file, this scripts rolls back the worker type configuration.
    It requires node 8.5.0+.

  - [deploy/bin/github-release.js](/deploy/bin/github-release.js) :
    It creates a Github release of the current branch. Do not use this script
    directly, use the [release.sh](/release.sh) script, which does some safe
    checks before releasing.

### Packet.net deployment

To generate the packet.net image, you need the `ubuntu_18_04-base` docker
image. You obtain this image, clone the
[packet-images](https://github.com/packethost/packet-images), and run (you may
need to run the command twice):

```
$ sudo ./tools/build.sh -d ubuntu_18_04 -p t1.small.x86 -a x86_64 -b ubuntu_18_04-t1.small.x86-dev
```

You will need a valid Github ssh key in the root/.ssh directory.

Then, run:

```
deploy/bin/build packet
```

You can find information on how to deploy the custom image in the
[packet website](https://support.packet.com/kb/articles/custom-images).

### Block-Device Mapping

The AMI built with packer will mount all available instances storage under
`/mnt` and use this for storing docker images and containers. In order for this
to work you must specify a block device mapping that maps `ephemeral[0-9]` to
`/dev/sd[b-z]`.

It should be noted that they'll appear in the virtual machine as
`/dev/xvd[b-z]`, as this is how Xen storage devices are named under newer
kernels. However, the format and mount script will mount them all as a single
partition on `/mnt` using LVM.

An example block device mapping looks as follows:

```js
  {
  "BlockDeviceMappings": [
      {
        "DeviceName": "/dev/sdb",
        "VirtualName": "ephemeral0"
      },
      {
        "DeviceName": "/dev/sdc",
        "VirtualName": "ephemeral1"
      }
    ]
  }
```

### Updating Schema

Schema changes are not deployed automatically so if the
schema has been changed, the run the upload-schema.js script to update.

Before running the upload schema script, ensure that AWS credentials are loaded 
into your environment. See
[Configuring AWS with Node](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/guide/node-configuring.html)

Run the upload-schema.js script to update the schema:

`babel-node bin/upload-schema.js`

### Post-Deployment Verification

After creating a new AMI, operation can be verified by updating a test
worker type in the AWS Provisioner and submitting tasks to it. Ensure that
the tasks were claimed and completed with the successful outcome. Also add in
features/capabilities to the tasks based on code changes made in this release.

Further verification should be done if underlying packages, such as docker,
change. Stress tests should be used (submit a graph with a 1000 tasks) to
ensure that all tasks have the expected outcome and complete in an expected
amount of time.

Errors from docker-worker are reported into papertrail and should be
monitored during roll out of new AMIs.  Searching for the AMI Id along with
("task resolved" OR "claim task") should give a rough idea if work is being
done using these new AMIs.

Commit message:

Run packet.net instance with taskcluster-worker-runner
As worker-manager packet provider isn't production ready yet,
we run packet.net image instances through standalone provider.

We have a new `tc-w-runner-config` systemd service that creates the
`/etc/start-worker.yml` file.

Finally, the `ubuntu_18_04-base` image is now stored in the
`docker.io/taskcluser` docker namespace, avoiding the need for building
the base image before creating a new docker packet image.

README.md, after:

- [Docker Worker](#docker-worker)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
  - [Environment](#environment)
    - [Loopback Devices](#loopback-devices)
  - [Running tests](#running-tests)
    - [Common problems](#common-problems)
  - [Updating Documentation](#updating-documentation)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
    - [Requirements](#requirements-1)
    - [Building AMI's](#building-amis)
    - [Packet.net deployment](#packetnet-deployment)
    - [Block-Device Mapping](#block-device-mapping)
    - [Updating Schema](#updating-schema)
    - [Post-Deployment Verification](#post-deployment-verification)


# Docker Worker

Docker task host for linux.

Each task is evaluated in an restricted docker container.
Docker has a bunch of awesome utilities for making this work well...
Since the images are COW running any number of task hosts is plausible
and we can manage their overall usage.

We manipulate the docker hosts through the use of the [docker remote
api](https://docs.docker.com/engine/api/v1.24/)

See the [doc site](/docs/workers/docker-worker/index.html)
for how to use the worker from an existing `worker-type` the docs here
are for hacking on the worker itself.

## Requirements

  - Node >= 8.5.0
  - Docker
  - Packer (to build AMI)
    - Note that cracklib also hsa a utility named `packer` - run `packer version` to check!

## Usage

```
# from the root of this repo) also see --help
node bin/worker.js <config>
```

### Configuration

The [defaults](config.yml) contains all configuration options
for the docker worker in particular these are important:

  - `rootUrl` the rootUrl of the taskcluster instance to run against

  - `taskcluster` the credentials needed to authenticate all pull jobs
    from taskcluster.

### Directory Structure

  - [src/bin - primary entrypoint for worker](src/bin)
  - [/deploy - code related to pakcer and deployment](/deploy)
  - [src/lib - source of internal worker apis](src/lib)
  - [src/lib/task_listener.js - primary entrypoint of worker](src/lib/task_listener.js)
  - [src/lib/task.js - handler for individual tasks](src/lib/task_listener.js)
  - [src/lib/features/ - individual features for worker](src/lib/features/)

### Environment

docker-worker runs in an Ubuntu environment with various packages and kernel modules
installed.

Within the root of the repo is a Vagrantfile and vagrant.sh script that simplifies
creating a local environment that mimics the one uses in production.  This environment
allows one to not only run the worker tests but also to run images used in TaskCluster
in an environment similar to production without needing to configure special things
on the host.

#### Loopback Devices

The v4l2loopback and snd-aloop kernel modules are installed to allow loopback audio/video
devices to be available within tasks that require them.  For information on how to
configure these modules like production, consult the
[vagrant script](https://github.com/taskcluster/docker-worker/blob/master/vagrant.sh)
used for creating a local environment.

## Running tests

There are a few components that must be configured for the tests to work properly
(e.g. docker, kernel modules, and other packages). A Vagrant environment is
available to make this easy to use. Alternatively, it is possible to run tests
outside of Vagrant. But this requires a bit more effort.

### Setting up vagrant (recommended)

1. Install [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/)
2. Install [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)
3. Install vagrant-reload by running `vagrant plugin install vagrant-reload`
4. Within the root of the repo, run `vagrant up`
5. `vagrant ssh` to enter the virtual machine

### Setting up a standalone vm (non-Vagrant users)

If you can't use Vagrant (e.g. you are using Hyper-V and can't use Virtualbox),
it is possible to configure a bare virtual machine in a very similar manner to
what Vagrant would produce.

1. Create a new virtual machine.
2. Download and boot an Ubuntu 14.04 server ISO
3. Boot the VM
4. Click through the Ubuntu installer dialogs
5. For the primary username, use `vagrant`
6. All other settings can pretty much be the defaults. You'll just
   press ENTER a bunch of times during the install wizard. Although
   you'll probably want to install `OpenSSH server` on the
   `Software selection` screen so you can SSH into your VM.
7. On first boot, run `sudo visudo` and modify the end of the `%sudo` line
   so it contains `NOPASSWD:ALL` instead of just `ALL`. This allows you
   to `sudo` without typing a password.
8. `apt-get install git`
9. `git clone https://github.com/taskcluster/docker-worker ~/docker-worker`
10. `sudo ln -s /home/vagrant/docker-worker /vagrant`
11. `sudo ln -s /home/vagrant/docker-worker /worker`
12. `cd docker-worker`
13. `./vagrant.sh` -- this will provision the VM by installing a bunch of
    packages and dependencies.
14. `sudo reboot` -- this is necessary to activate the updated kernel.
15. `sudo depmod`

#### Logging into virtual machine and configuring environment

Many tests require the `TASKCLUSTER_ROOT_URL`, `TASKCLUSTER_ACCESS_TOKEN`, and `TASKCLUSTER_CLIENT_ID`
environment variables. These variables
define credentials used to connect to external services.

To obtain Taskcluster client credentials, run
`eval $(cat scopes.txt | xargs taskcluster signin)`. This will open a web
browser and you'll be prompted to log into Taskcluster. This command requires
the `taskcluster-cli` Go application. Find one at
https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster-cli/releases.

If using Vagrant, setting these environment variables in the shell used
to run `vagrant ssh` will cause the variables to get inherited inside the
Vagrant VM. If not using Vagrant, you should add `export VAR=value` lines
to /home/vagrant/.bash_profile.

From the virtual machine, you'll need to install some application-level
dependencies:

1. `cd /vagrant`
2. `./build.sh` -- builds some Docker images
3. `yarn install --frozen-lockfile` -- installs Node modules

#### Running Tests

1. Either all the tests can be run, but running `yarn test` or `./test/test.sh`,
   however, under most circumstances one only wants to run a single test suite
2. For individual test files, run `./node_modules/mocha/bin/mocha --bail .test/<file>`
3. For running tests within a test file, add "--grep <phrase>" when running
   the above command to capture just the individual test name.

*** Note: Sometimes things don't go as planned and tests will hang until
they timeout. To get more insight into what went wrong, set "DEBUG=*" when
running the tests to get more detailed output. ***

### Common problems

  - Time synchronization : if you're running docker in a VM your VM may
    drift in time... This often results in stale warnings on the queue.
    
## Updating Documentation

Documentation for this project lives under docs/ . Upon merging, documentation
will be uploaded to s3 to display on docs.taskcluster.net automatically.

## Deployment

The below is a detailed guide to how deployment works if you know what
you're doing and just need a check list see: [deployment check
list](/deploy/checklist.md)

### Requirements

  - [packer](www.packer.io)
  - make
  - node >= 8.5.0
  - credentials for required services

### Amazon Credentials

docker-worker is currently deployed to AWS EC2.  Using packer to configure and
deploy an AMI requires Amazon credentials to be specified. Follow this
[document](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/amazon.html) to configure the
environment appropriately.

#### Deploying

You will need passwordstore set up, and the `aws` CLI tool configured.  Then run `./deploy.sh`.  It should do the rest!

### Building AMI's

The docker worker deploy script is essentially a wrapper around `packer`
with an interactive configuration script to ensure you're not missing
particular environment variables. There are two primary workflows that
are important.

  1. Building the [base](/deploy/packer/base.json) AMI. Do this when:
      - You need to add new apt packages.

      - You need to update docker (see above).

      - You need to run some expensive one-off installation.

      - You need to update ssl/gpg keys

      *Example*:

      ```sh
      ./deploy.sh base
      ```

      Once this is complete, edit `deploy/bin/base` to include the new AMI ID.
      Note the comments there: either build the base AMI for all AWS accounts, or remove the AMI for accounts where you did not build it.

  2. Building the [app](/deploy/packer/app.json) AMI. Do this when:
      - You want to test new code/features.

      - You need to update statsd/configs (not packages).

      Note: That just because you deploy an AMI does not mean anyone is
      using it.. Usually you need to also update a provisioner workerType with
      the new AMI id.

To do this, run `./deploy.sh <target>`, which gathers the necessary secrets and, on `https://taskcluster.net`, deploys to worker types.
The secrets come from files in passwordstore named after the deployment, which is determined from `TASKCLUSTER_ROOT_URL`.

*Example*:

```sh
./deploy.sh app
```

### Deployment Implementation

Everything related to the deployment of the worker is in the
[deploy](/deploy) folder which has a number of other important sub
folders.

  - [deploy/packer](/deploy/packer) : The packer folder contains a list
    (app/base) of ami(s) which need to be created... Typically you only
    need to build the "app" ami which is built on a pre-existing base
    ami (see `sourceAMI` in [app.json](/deploy/packer/app.json)).

  - [deploy/variables.js](/deploy/variables.js) : contains the list of
    variables for the deployment and possible defaults

  - [deploy/template](/deploy/template) : This folder is a mirror of what will
    be deployed on the server but with mustache like variables (see
    variables.js for the list of all possible variables) if you need to
    add a script/config/etc... Add it here in one of the sub folders.

  - deploy/deploy.json : A generated file (created by running
    [deploy/bin/build](/deploy/bin/build) ) or running `make -C deploy`
    this file contains all the variables needed to deploy the
    application. The script
    [deploy/bin/import-docker-worker-secrets](/deploy/bin/import-docker-worker-secrets)
    generates the file from [password store](https://passwordstore.org/).

  - deploy/target : Contains the final files to be uploaded when creating the
    AMI all template values have been subsituted... It is useful to
    check this by running `make -C deploy` prior to building the full ami.

  - [deploy/bin/build](/deploy/bin/build) : The script responsible for
    invoking packer with the correct arguments and creating the
    artifacts which need to be uploaded to the AMI)

  - [deploy/bin/update-worker-types.js](/deploy/bin/update-worker-types.js) :
    after running `deploy/bin/build app`, run this script to update
    [aws-provisioner](https://tools.taskcluster.net/aws-provisioner/) with
    the new AMIs. It creates a backup file with current worker-types configuration
    and kills the worker-types running instances. It requires node 8.5.0+.

  - [deploy/bin/rollback-worker-types.js](/deploy/bin/rollback-worker-types.js) :
    Given the backup file, this scripts rolls back the worker type configuration.
    It requires node 8.5.0+.

  - [deploy/bin/github-release.js](/deploy/bin/github-release.js) :
    It creates a Github release of the current branch. Do not use this script
    directly, use the [release.sh](/release.sh) script, which does some safe
    checks before releasing.

### Packet.net deployment

To generate a new custom image, just type from the docker-worker repo root
directory:

```
deploy/bin/build packet
```

You can find information on how to deploy the custom image in the
[packet website](https://support.packet.com/kb/articles/custom-images).

#### Base image

To generate the packet.net image, you need the `taskcluster/ubuntu_18_04-base:latest` docker
image. If you need to build this image, clone the
[packet-images](https://github.com/packethost/packet-images), and run (you may
need to run the command twice):

```
$ sudo ./tools/build.sh -d ubuntu_18_04 -p t1.small.x86 -a x86_64 -b ubuntu_18_04-t1.small.x86-dev
```

You will need a valid Github ssh key in the root/.ssh directory.

Then just tag it with the `taskcluster/` prefix:

```
$ docker tag ubuntu_18_04-base:latest taskcluster/ubuntu_18_04-base:latest
```

### Block-Device Mapping

The AMI built with packer will mount all available instances storage under
`/mnt` and use this for storing docker images and containers. In order for this
to work you must specify a block device mapping that maps `ephemeral[0-9]` to
`/dev/sd[b-z]`.

It should be noted that they'll appear in the virtual machine as
`/dev/xvd[b-z]`, as this is how Xen storage devices are named under newer
kernels. However, the format and mount script will mount them all as a single
partition on `/mnt` using LVM.

An example block device mapping looks as follows:

```js
  {
  "BlockDeviceMappings": [
      {
        "DeviceName": "/dev/sdb",
        "VirtualName": "ephemeral0"
      },
      {
        "DeviceName": "/dev/sdc",
        "VirtualName": "ephemeral1"
      }
    ]
  }
```

### Updating Schema

Schema changes are not deployed automatically so if the
schema has been changed, the run the upload-schema.js script to update.

Before running the upload schema script, ensure that AWS credentials are loaded 
into your environment. See
[Configuring AWS with Node](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/guide/node-configuring.html)

Run the upload-schema.js script to update the schema:

`babel-node bin/upload-schema.js`

### Post-Deployment Verification

After creating a new AMI, operation can be verified by updating a test
worker type in the AWS Provisioner and submitting tasks to it. Ensure that
the tasks were claimed and completed with the successful outcome. Also add in
features/capabilities to the tasks based on code changes made in this release.

Further verification should be done if underlying packages, such as docker,
change. Stress tests should be used (submit a graph with a 1000 tasks) to
ensure that all tasks have the expected outcome and complete in an expected
amount of time.

Errors from docker-worker are reported into papertrail and should be
monitored during roll out of new AMIs.  Searching for the AMI Id along with
("task resolved" OR "claim task") should give a rough idea if work is being
done using these new AMIs.
